Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ Have I ever told you
♪ How good it feels
To hold you?
♪ It isn't easy to explain
♪ And though I'm really trying
♪ I think I may start crying
♪ My heart can't wait
Another day
♪ When you kiss me
I just got to
♪ Kiss me. I just got to
Kiss me. I just got to say
♪ Baby. I love you
♪ Come on. baby
♪ Baby. I love
I love only you
♪ Oh. I'm so glad
I found you
♪ I want my arms around you
♪ I love to hear you
Call my name
♪ Oh. tell me that you feel
♪ Tell me that you feel
The same
♪ Baby. I love
♪ I love only you ♪
♪ Oh. Venus
♪ Venus. if you will
♪ Please send a little girl
For me to thrill
♪ A girl who wants
My kisses and my arms
♪ A girl with
All the charms of you...
Hi.
I'm Terry West.
What's your name?
Priscilla Beaulieu.
I see you come in here a lot.
Is your family stationed here?
Yes.
Where are you from?
Uh. Texas.
My dad just transferred here
in August.
That so?
Well. how do you like Germany?
Mmm.
I book the entertainment here.
My wife plays here sometimes.
Neat.
Do you like Elvis Presley?
Of course. Who doesn't?
Well. I'm a friend of his.
My wife and I go to his house
when he has people over.
He's always glad to see
folks from back home.
We're going this weekend.
if you want to join.
Have to ask my parents.
Well. all right.
See you around.
♪ Venus
♪ Oh. Venus
♪ Make my wish come true ♪
They'd pick me up
and drop me off.
You wanna go with strangers
to Elvis Presley's house?
Absolutely not.
There'd be other people
there too.
It's the weekend.
why can't I go?
I'd be with Terry and his wife.
- We don't know them.
- Who are these people?
No.
There's nothing
to do here.
Hello. Captain.
I'm Terry West.
Good to meet you.
This is my wife. Ann.
- Hello.
- Hi. I book the music here.
My wife Carol and I
are friends with Elvis.
He's having people over.
Your daughter's welcome to come.
She said I'd have to ask you.
I see.
What unit are you in?
Stationed under
Sergeant Bryant. sir.
- Bryant. huh?
- Yes. sir.
Still tough as nails?
Yes. sir.
If you have any tips...
No. there's no shortcuts. son.
Well. your daughter'd be
well chaperoned
by my wife and myself.
The house is just off base.
I could pick her up at 8:30
and have her back
by any time you say. sir.
We'll discuss it.
That one's pretty.
It's my Easter dress.
I can't wear this.
I hope you have fun tonight.
I'm sorry it's been so hard
on you here
but I know you'll make
some new friends soon.
I don't want new friends.
I know.
They'll be here soon.
All right. let's go.
C'mon. honey. c'mon.
Excited?
Excuse me.
Here we go.
Hi. Vernon.
Hey. Terry!
Come on in. Carol.
That's Elvis's dad.
Come on.
I'll get us some drinks.
♪ Sweet nothin'. mmm
♪ Sweet nothin'
♪ We walk along
Hand in hand...
C'mon.
♪ Yeah. we both understand...♪
- Hey!
- Hey. man. how are you?
Good to see you.
And who do we have here?
Uh. Elvis. this is
Priscilla Beaulieu.
I'm gonna go find Carol.
Hey.
Uh. would you
like to have a seat?
So. what are you
doing over here?
My dad's stationed in. uh. Wiesbaden.
- Where do you come from?
- Austin. Texas.
Austin. hmm...
Do you like it here?
- It's okay.
What... What are you.
about a junior
or a senior in high school?
- Ninth.
- Ninth...
Ninth what?
- Grade.
Ninth grade.
Why. you're just a baby!
Thanks.
It seems the little girl
has spunk.
Hey. E! Hey.
- I... I'll be right back.
C'mon. man.
let's take it. C'mon.
C'mon. Elvis.
Yeah. there he comes.
♪ Come on over. baby
♪ A whole lotta shakin'
Goin' on
♪ Yes. I said
Come on over. baby
♪ Baby. you can't go wrong
♪ We ain't fakin'
♪ A whole lotta shakin'
Goin' on ♪
Can anyone tell me
the four major food groups?
There's meat.
dairy. fruits and vegetables.
They all make up
the food pyramid.
- Hello?
- Priscilla. it's Terry.
Oh. hi.
Just got a call from Elvis
asking if you could
come over Friday.
Really?
He wants to see me?
You want me to ask your father?
They're not
gonna let me go again.
Let me talk to him.
Okay.
Thank you. Bye.
Dodger. baby.
what would we do without you?
I don't know.
Oh. thank you.
Priscilla. come here.
Oh. aww.
This here is. uh.
this is my grandma. Dodger.
- Hi.
- Hello.
When I was a kid.
I hit a ball straight at her
and she dodged it.
so ever since then
she's always...
She's been Dodger.
Yeah. you almost
got yourself a whippin'!
This is my buddy. Joe.
from back home.
- Nice to meet you.
- Always stuffing his face.
- I don't like schnitzel.
- C'mon.
So. uh. so what... What...
What are the kids back home
listening to these days?
Mmm... Bobby Darin.
Oh. no.
And Fabian...
- And you.
Well. that's good. I...
I thought they might've
forgotten about me.
- No.
What about you.
you got a favorite song?
What. you gonna make me guess?
Heartbreak Hotel.
The kids still like it. huh?
Wow.
Well...
What do you say maybe
we go somewhere more quiet?
Would you come up to my room?
You don't have to
be scared. baby.
I'd never do anything
to harm you. I'm just...
I really like talking to you.
All right.
We just go up the stairs.
it's gonna be
the first door on your right.
I'll meet you up there. okay?
Okay.
All right.
You about ready to go?
Soon. Dee.
So. what else is going on
back home?
I don't think
things have changed that much.
Hmm.
It's really nice
to talk to someone from home.
And. uh. I know
a lot of girls here and...
And none of them
are from the States.
I wish my mama could've met you.
She. uh...
She passed on just last August.
She would've really liked you.
I wish I could have met her.
She's my whole world.
my mama. and. uh...
I talk to her every day.
And now Dee's got her grips
on my daddy.
He's under her spell.
She's trying to turn him
into something he's not.
I don't know how I'm gonna go
back to Graceland without her.
That's the... That's the home
that I bought for her.
I'm just...
I just really miss her.
I've been so homesick.
I know. Me too.
♪ Now. I don't hardly
Know her...
It's time for you
to get home. little one.
♪ But I think I could love her
♪ Crimson and clover...
♪ Ah
♪ When she comes
Walking over
♪ Now I've been waitin'
To show her
♪ Crimson and clover
♪ Over and over...♪
I'm not tired. I'm fine.
You can't keep going out
like this.
We thought it was gonna be
one time.
If he wants to see you again.
we have to meet him.
She finish all her schoolwork?
I'll check.
You need to get some sleep.
I'm fine!
He's gonna be gone
in a few months.
Please don't ruin my life!
Priscilla. don't speak to us
like that.
He just lost his mother
and he's still grieving.
He trusts me.
- Afternoon. sir.
- How are you. son? C'mon in.
That can be tough
this time of year.
No kidding. sir.
We. uh...
We've had some
pretty cold nights out there.
Guess you're looking forward
to getting home?
Yes. sir.
Mmm-hmm.
All right. Here you go.
Well. thank you. ma'am.
Just what is the intent here.
Mr. Presley?
Well. let's face it.
you're Elvis Presley.
You got women
throwing themselves at you.
Why my daughter?
Well. sir. I happen to be
very fond of your daughter.
Uh. she's much more mature
than her age
and I really do enjoy
spending time with her.
I have to admit. you know.
it hasn't been easy for me
being away from home and all.
But you don't have to worry
about her. Captain.
Look. son.
you'll need to
pick her up yourself.
Yes. sir.
Have her home by 2200.
I understand.
All right.
Thank you.
- You in?
- Yes.
Aren't you a teeny bit afraid
that your friend might use it
as an excuse
to begin negotiations elsewhere?
If my friend
were looking for an excuse.
he'd find a better one
in the morning papers.
What do you mean?
I'm talking about
the untimely demise
of Paul Vanmere.
Look. here. Peterson. you don't
have to convince me of anything.
You don't care what I think
as long as I don't
do anything about it.
And I won't.
unless you ever decide
to sic that
knife-happy
little junkie on me.
Watch yourself. laddie.
Now. Jack.
behave yourself.
Sit down.
For shame. Billy.
I think you owe an apology
to everybody in this room.
You ever see
On The Waterfront?
- No.
- Oh. you gotta see it.
There's no one else
like him.
That's the kind of actor
that I wanna be...
I'm sure you will be.
I wanna study at
The Actors Studio in New York.
and tell stories I can really
put myself into. you know?
Like Brando and James Dean.
Well. I think you'd be great.
I don't even know
if I'll have a music career
- when I get back.
- What?
Sure you will.
Well. I better go.
it's getting late.
Hold on. they give us these
to stay awake
for night maneuvers.
You can take one in class
if you need to stay awake.
Thank you.
- Good night.
♪ I love you
♪ For sentimental reasons
♪ I hope you do believe me...
Thank you.
♪ I'll give you my heart
♪ I love you
♪ And you alone...
I just wish there was some way
I could go with you.
Baby. there's nothing
we can do.
♪ ...your loving heart
To me...♪
I'm just afraid
you'll forget me.
I'm not gonna forget you. Cilla.
Don't you worry.
I know it's not gonna be easy
going back to
being a schoolgirl. Cilla.
but you got to.
Now. I want you to try
to have a good time.
and write me letters
every chance you get.
You get pink stationary
and address them to Joe.
And promise me
you'll stay the way you are now?
I will.
I want you to have this.
All right. baby.
this is it.
Now. don't worry. I'll call you
as soon as I get there.
I promise.
Now. I don't wanna see
a sad face.
Bye. baby.
Elvis!
So. the Robinsons invited us
over for dinner next week.
Oh. good.
Maybe it's time
to forget about him.
Hmm?
I know it's hard.
but he's probably
with women his own age.
What about boys at school?
Must be some handsome ones.
- Hello?
How's my little one?
Elvis?
I'm fine...
Only I... I miss you.
I thought you'd
forgotten about me.
My parents said you did.
Oh. baby. things just got
a little crazy being back.
Is it true
about you and Nancy Sinatra?
No. she's a friend.
I'm appearing
on her father's show.
You know. I miss you. baby.
I think about you all the time.
I've missed you so much.
I'd like to make arrangements
for you to visit me in Memphis.
What?
Oh. God. um...
I don't think
my parents will ever let me.
Well. leave that to me.
♪ Honey. I want you
♪ Honey. I need you
♪ Honey. you know
Just what I need
♪ Come on. take me
Set me free
♪ Well. honey won't you see
How you satisfy me?♪
Okay.
- Come on. honey.
Come on in. honey.
- Here. let me take your things.
- Thank you.
- Well. you made it!
- Yeah.
- Did you have a good trip?
- Yes.
I bet you would like
a lemonade.
And the boys are just
right down there.
Ooh!
That's a good shot.
I see her.
There she is!
Let me get a good look at you.
Hi. Come on. Mmm-mmm.
Where you been all my life?
Let me see you.
You look beautiful.
Oh. you look beautiful.
- Thank you.
- You gotta meet the guys.
This is Hog Ears. You know Joe.
And then the rest of 'em.
- Nice to see you again.
- Hi.
Jerry. A pleasure.
O-Five. this here is. uh.
this here is Priscilla.
Hello.
Pleased to meet you. honey.
I'm Alberta.
Nice to meet you.
I've heard so much about you.
And we heard plenty about you.
Boys. help yourselves.
Dig in. dig in.
Leave some for Priscilla.
- Hi. You hungry?
- It's beautiful here. No.
You like it?
I keep trying to tell him
to take me shopping.
And he won't
take you shopping?
- Well...
No. I take her.
I just... I just stand there.
You tired?
A little bit.
Hmm.
Why don't you go head upstairs?
I'll meet you.
It's just. uh. it's just
the first door on your left.
Oh. what up? What up?
Oh. this is serious.
- Hey. boss. this is Evelyn.
- Evelyn? Who's Evelyn?
Nice to meet you.
Wow. she's young. huh?
She's like a little girl.
Don't let me sleep
no later than 3:00 tomorrow.
You got it. boss.
Where are you. baby?
I'm here.
I'll be just a few minutes.
All right. Don't take too long.
I wanna see my girl.
You don't know
how much I missed you.
I haven't been able to get you
out of my head since Germany.
You're the one thing
that kept me going.
Wait. hold on. baby.
things can get out of hand.
What? Is there something wrong?
Just...
Just not yet.
There'll be a right time.
Here. you can take one of these.
It'll help you sleep
after your trip.
Come here.
Priscilla?
Priscilla. hon.
It's Grandma.
What did you give this young'un?
You've got no business
givin' her something
that she's not used to.
You know how long
she's been like this?
You need to call the doctor.
I dunno. she's wakin' up.
- I'll get her some water.
Mmm...
- Where am I?
- Hi. baby.
Baby. we've been
trying to wake you up.
I just went to bed.
No. baby. you've been out
for two days.
On a goddamn 500 milligram
Placidyl. I... I...
I must have been out of my head
givin' it to you that way.
Mmm. mmm...
Mmm. two days?
Well. that's two days
off my trip.
It's fine. you don't
have to worry about it.
We got plenty of time.
So. how'd you
like to go to Vegas?
- Vegas?
- Twenty-one!
I'm sorry. baby. that's 22.
That's 22. That's a bust.
- Oh.
- Cilla. baby.
- Whoo!
Oh!
Good for you. young lady.
Whoo!
Baby. I hate to say it.
but our time is up.
No. I'm not going back.
I'll call my parents
and tell them
that I missed the flight.
You really think
they're gonna believe that?
Then I'll tell them the truth.
That I love you
and I'm not going back.
Baby. that's just gonna
make it worse for next time.
I gotta go do another film.
so. if you go back
and you do well in school
maybe your parents
will let you come back.
Yes. but when?
We'll sort it out. Come here.
What?
Why you?
Why can't he find someone
his own age?
You're only 17.
He's not like you imagine.
And he needs me. Mom!
I won't get hurt.
Please. just talk to Dad.
I only have a few more
credits left to graduate.
- Please.
All right.
Now help me with these.
Sir.
I promise to enroll her
in a good Catholic school
and I'll make sure
she graduates.
She'll live with my father
and Dee
and have a chaperone
at all times.
- Mmm-hmm .
- And my grandmother
and my cousin Patsy
are here. too.
She'll be looked after
as part of the family here.
I love your daughter
and I can assure you
that my intentions
are honorable. sir.
Well. I appreciate
the call. son.
Bye-bye.
She's gotta forget about him.
And what if she doesn't?
Then she'll never forgive us.
She's gotta finish school.
I know...
But what are we gonna do?
She said
if we don't let her go.
she's going to find a way
to get there on her own.
She's not gonna get there
on her own.
Welcome.
Oh. Priscilla.
Sorry Elvis's shoot's delayed.
He'll be back soon.
I'll take her
for school registration
just as soon as she's settled.
This girl will be
well looked after.
Thank you.
Please don't worry.
I'll be fine.
Okay. so we'll pick that up
on Friday?
- Oh. hi. Priscilla.
- Hello.
I'm Patsy. this is Becky.
- Hi.
- We run the office here.
It's nice to meet you.
I've heard so much about you.
Us too.
Elvis left a gift for you
on the back patio.
Oh. okay.
You give us a holler
if you need anything.
Okay. thank you. Bye.
Hello!
Who are you? Hi.
Hey. little one!
Happy dog.
How's my girl?
I just can't believe
I'm really here.
Yeah. I only have
a little longer on this shoot
and then I'll be home.
Is everyone
taking good care of you?
Yes. Everyone's been
really nice.
- All right. that's good.
Elvis.
they're ready for you!
All right. baby.
I gotta get back to set.
Okay. I miss you.
Good night. baby.
- Bye.
- Good luck. have a good day.
- Thank you.
Now. you won't be able
to invite anyone over.
Strangers aren't allowed
in Graceland.
Okay.
That's Priscilla.
the girl Elvis is seeing.
And how does friendship
influence who we are
and what we become?
- Your reports are due Friday.
...with Elvis Presley.
Remember to cite examples
from the text...
If we make friends with her
maybe we can meet him.
And you will be graded
on penmanship
as well as
spelling and grammar.
Oh. honey.
you can't be out here
making a public display
of yourself.
Oh. I didn't think it...
Well. you had
better start thinking.
Come on.
How elegant!
The most elegant cake
of all: chiffon.
Now dramatically different.
New and deluxe
vanilla cream chiffon
with an exotic new taste!
It's vanilla. cream
and a French flavor secret.
Tantalizing.
I said
to the director today.
"Why'd we come all the way
to Los Angeles
"to film the Smoky Mountains?
"Hell. you may know more
about movie makin'.
"but I know a thing or two
about the Smoky Mountains.
"And I'll tell you what.
"they ain't got no
coconut trees on 'em!"
You there. baby?
Mmm-hmm. I'm here.
How're you doin'?
I'm great.
It's all been really wonderful.
That's what I like to hear.
Baby. do you have
everything you need?
How you doin' on cash?
It's funny you should ask.
Your daddy's pretty strict.
Yeah. that's my daddy.
He's always been tight.
That's why I have him
taking care of the bills.
I don't trust anybody else.
Don't worry about it.
I'll talk to him.
There's a boutique that said
I could work there part-time.
I thought I could work there
a few days a week after school.
Well. you'll have to
forget about that.
I thought it could be fun.
Well. it's either me
or a career. baby.
When I call you.
I need you to be there for me.
Mmm-hmm.
Just a few more days
and we'll be home.
Okay.
I love you. Bye.
Bye. baby.
Memphis. we're back. baby!
It's good to be home!
Where's my Cilla?
Hello.
Hello. Hello.
Dodger. you waited for me too.
Bless your little heart.
I did. Welcome home. baby.
Good to see you. baby.
O-Five. what's for dinner?
Cilla. come here.
How's school?
Oh. it's okay.
- I don't really talk
to anybody there.
- Hmm.
Grandma and Patsy
have been nice.
I missed you.
I've been trying to
find things to do with my...
You gotta keep up
with your schoolwork
otherwise your father
won't let you stay.
- I know. but...
- You sure do look pretty.
C'mon. let's have
something to eat.
O-Five. I sure did
miss you. baby!
Let me see you.
Hand me a plate.
I'll tell you.
that Ursula was always around.
Oh. goddamn man.
she was a big woman.
- She was.
- Was she pretty?
- She had a body like a man.
No hips.
shoulders broader than mine.
Goddamn. I was scared to
take my shirt off next to her.
But. E.
she only had eyes for you.
No way. man.
not with that John Derek
just lurking around
with them beady eyes.
Probably snores like a man.
God. I tell you. man.
I can't stand that guy.
What's that guy. 5'7"?
God. five-nothing.
Five foot-nothing.
Why are you taking those now?
You'll fall asleep.
It'll take a while
for 'em to take effect.
How's my girl?
I'm just so happy
you're back.
Baby. don't... Don't... Don't...
Don't get carried away.
You gotta let me decide
when we take this moment.
It's just this is
very sacred to me.
What about Anita?
You mean you didn't
make love to her
the whole time
you were together?
That was different.
I mean. she was older.
That's just... That's just
the way that I feel.
What about how I feel?
That's asking a lot of someone.
It doesn't mean
we can't do other things.
Hop in.
I wanna take you shopping.
Come on. Come on.
Well. would you
look at that. huh?
Yeah!
I think these clothes
are too sophisticated for me.
Honey. what's sophisticated?
You could go around in a feather
and it'll be sophisticated.
- Yeah. that's right.
Yeah. how many we got?
Oh...
Wow!
Oh-ho-ho.
- We have a winner right there!
Absolutely.
I like you in blue. yeah.
Blue's your color.
Oh. I like that.
Prints take away
from your looks.
Oh. it's like a forest.
- I like this one.
- No. solids suit you better.
And I hate brown.
It reminds me of the army.
All right. the car's outside.
You got his in there too. right?
Hmm... Black hair
and more eye makeup
will make your eyes
stand out more.
- Mmm-hmm.
It's 4:00. boys.
We gotta go. barbecue's waiting.
Come on.
Come on. boys.
Go. go. go!
Mmm...
I can't believe
she dyed her hair!
Did she dye it just for him?
Probably.
Hello.
What time is it?
Almost 4:00.
I brought breakfast for you.
I got this for you.
- Thank you!
- Right there?
- Okay.
All right.
Very nice.
A natural.
All right. baby.
♪ Hold me. kiss me
♪ Whisper sweetly
♪ That you love me
♪ Forever
♪ Aah-aah-aah-ooh...
- ♪ Forever...
All right. baby.
- ♪ Hold me. kiss me
I did it.
Oh.
Yeah. Joe got a girl.
I got a gun in my mouth.
- ♪ Whisper sweetly...
♪ That you love me...
Whoo!
♪ Forever ♪
Hello.
Now. what is that dress?
Uh. that doesn't suit you. baby.
- It doesn't?
- No. it does nothin' for you.
Takes away from your eyes
and from your face.
Oh. man. it does nothing
for your figure. All you see
- is a goddamn dress.
- You finished?
Satnin. you're a small girl.
You gotta keep away
from the prints. baby!
Okay. I'll return
the fucking dress!
Priscilla. final exams
are coming up.
You will need to
keep your grades up
in order to graduate
with your class.
Yes. Sister Adrian.
Dad. I'm doing great.
You don't have to...
Y ou still
doing well in school?
Yes. of course
I'm doing well in school.
Uh-huh. Do you know
we want you to graduate?
Yes. I will graduate.
Don't worry.
Your mother and I
miss you very much.
I miss you too.
Well. you stay in touch.
- Mmm-hmm. I will.
- Well. we love you.
- Talk to you soon.
- Yeah.
Bye.
Pass that across.
You have 20 minutes
to complete your answers.
Are you an Elvis fan?
How would you like to come
to one of his parties?
♪ You know I've been
Wanting you
- ♪ My whole life through
♪ And now that you're my guy
That's for me?
Yes. ma'am.
♪ ...only you
Baby. baby...
What do you think?
You like it?
I love it!
I can't believe you did this.
All right. it's time to go.
Cilla's graduating.
Can I ask you something?
E. I was wondering if...
Maybe you could wait
outside the ceremony.
I'm afraid you being there
might take away the attention
from the graduates.
Yeah. uh...
I guess I hadn't
thought of it like that.
I... I won't come in.
I'll wait for you
outside in the car.
That way it'll kinda be
like I'm there.
Thank you.
♪ Now you're really mine...♪
All right. let's go. baby.
Oh! Thank you!
The Lord is with you
and your hips.
I love you. too.
Let me see it.
Let me see it. Let me see.
- Aw.
- Hey!
Throw it in the air.
No calls
unless it's from my daddy
or an emergency
from the Colonel.
Mr. McMahon.
you look wonderful.
- I'm okay. How 'bout that?
♪ I'm free at last
But Jesus is...♪
You go to the same hairdresser.
No! No!
- Yeah. gimme that.
- No. No.
I wanna eat 'em.
I'm gonna eat 'em.
- No. No.
- Please. Please...
Stop. Stop.
Not so rough!
You're not a goddamn man!
Oh. God!
You can't play without winning!
I don't wanna play
- with a goddamn man.
Baby. I'm sorry.
Are you okay? Open the door.
Open the door.
That was a real accident. baby.
You know I'd never hurt you
in any real way.
Maybe the pills are too much.
I have my doctors
looking after me.
I don't need an amateur opinion.
Oh.
- Ah. you missed one.
John Wayne.
Joe. don't go tucking that
revolver in your waistband now.
See. I wouldn't want you
to go off...
- Half-cocked.
I'm just cutting it
down to size. you know?
What's that old house
still doing back there?
Uncle Travis's old place?
Yeah. it's storage now.
Well. it looks goddamn awful.
You're crazy.
At least we got firewood.
Hold on. hold on.
hold on. baby. Come on.
Get it boy.
Get it boy. Get it boy.
- Come on!
Let's get outta here.
All right.
So. back to Hollywood.
- Mmm-mmm.
- I won't be too long.
- What is it. baby?
Hey. you drivin'?
Yeah. man. of course.
Get on the damn bus.
I'm just gonna miss you.
I know. little one.
but just. uh...
Just give me a few weeks
to get into this movie. and then
I dunno. maybe you can come out
for a while.
I need you to keep
the home fires warm.
Now. you be a good girl?
And I'll call you
when I get there. okay?
Okay.
C'mon. E. let's go!
All right. viva Las Vegas.
Let's roll it!
Leave now.
Aw.
Oh. you've gotta see
the things we get.
- What?
- Open it.
- Oh. gosh.
All right.
that's enough gabbing!
Priscilla. I'm afraid I'm gonna
have to ask you to leave
so they can
get their work done.
Yes. sir.
♪ Yeah
♪ Goin' places
My baby
You got it
♪ Goin' places
♪ Money-maker
Record-breaker
♪ We'll have good times
While my baby is mine and I'm
♪ Goin' places
We're gonna
♪ Dress me in laces
♪ In all my favorite places ♪
- Hello?
Hi. baby.
Hi. how's it going there?
Can't wait to see you.
Uh. now's not the time
to come out.
There's a...
There's a problem on set.
What kind of problem?
It's just that
all hell's broke loose.
I've got some crazed director
madly in love with Ann.
The way he's directing it.
you'd think it was her movie.
She's got all the close-ups
and now they want her to sing
some of the songs with me.
I tell you.
Colonel about blew a fuse.
How are you and Ann-Margret
getting along?
Oh. she's fine. I guess.
She's a typical
Hollywood starlet.
You know. careers come first
and their man second.
That's not for me.
You know. there's a lot
of rumors about you two.
Is there anything to it?
Hell. no.
you know how reporters are.
Just blowing everything
out of proportion.
I wanna come out.
No. no. not... Not now.
I'll let you know
when it's a good time.
Well. you know the Colonel
doesn't think it's good
for my fans to know about you.
Hell. I'll be done
before you know it.
So. you just keep
your little ass there
and keep the home fires burning.
The flame's burning low.
Someone better get home
to start the fire.
Well. you're starting
to sound like me.
All right. baby. I gotta go.
Bye.
Hey. E.
Well.
look who just walked in.
- Hello.
I can't believe she did this!
Every goddamn paper in town's
picked it up!
Honey. I'm gonna have to
ask you to leave.
There's gonna be press
all over the place.
Colonel thinks it's best
that you go back to Memphis.
- Just until it all calms down.
- What's going on?
Why doesn't she go back
to Sweden where she belongs?
Goddamn. I didn't know things
were gonna get out of hand.
I need a woman who understands
things like this might happen.
Are you gonna be her
or not?
I'll leave tomorrow.
I'll be waiting in Memphis.
It's over. Cilla.
I... I swear to you. it's over.
I got caught up in a situation
that was out of hand
from the beginning.
I don't like
being exploited like that.
You know I can't live like that.
She's a nice girl
but she's not for me.
Let's just forget it.
You're my girl. baby.
You're the only girl
I ever loved.
The only girl I wanna be with.
♪ Honey bee
What is wrong with you?
♪ Well. you don't treat me. baby
Nothin' like you used to do
♪ I remember. baby
Not long ago
♪ You used to walk me home
From the movie show
♪ Now you acting funny
And I don't know
♪ But you don't even
Want to kiss me
♪ At my door no more
Honey bee!
♪ What is wrong with you?
♪ Well. you don't treat me. baby
Nothin' like you used to do...
Don't! Don't! Don't. please.
No. no. no!
- No.
♪ Well. you don't treat me. baby
Nothin' like you used to do ♪
Well. you can tell him
that's not gonna work.
I can't make it on time.
I don't wanna be there
in the first place. man.
Daddy. I'm gonna have to
call you back.
Now. don't go
imagining things.
Like Ann-Margret?
-"Scoobie"?
- That's it. woman.
- Don't wanna hear another word.
- There something you're hiding?
I don't have a goddamn thing
to hide!
You're just being too goddamn
aggressive and demanding!
I think you should go see
your parents for a little while.
What? Well. I'm not going!
I think you should!
Matter of fact. I'll help you!
Start packing!
- Joe!
Yeah. what's up?
Joe. get Cilla on
the next flight outta here!
She's gonna go see her parents
for a little while!
Get her a ticket outta here!
Hurry up!
Hey...
Now do you understand?
All right. baby. Come on.
Come on. come on.
Come here. Come here.
Don't you see. baby?
That's better.
You need someone
who's gonna take you
right up to that point.
- Here.
Daddy. I'm lonesome
and depressed.
And the Colonel's meddling
in my music behind my back.
telling me how to record.
in the way that
RCA wants it to sound.
I don't wanna record up front.
I wanna do it the way
that I always done it.
with the band.
I feel like nobody understands.
When I was a girl
back in Tennessee.
I set so many boys' hearts
on fire
that they took to callin'...
"Double Trouble."
"Live a Little. Love a Little."
"Tickle Me." These scripts
are all fucking awful!
And the Colonel just wants me to
keep doing these dumb musicals.
When's he gonna send me
a goddamn decent script?
Why don't you ask
for something more serious?
It doesn't work like that.
He's gotta send me
something better.
♪ Nobody called me up to send
Big bad baby's back in town...
These songs are all garbage.
each one's worse than the next!
Well. these
aren't finished yet. E.
- ♪ Setting them up...♪
- Play another one.
- Hmm.
- Listen to that.
I like it. I like it.
It's got potential.
Turn it off!
When are they gonna send me
a goddamn decent song?
Cilla. what do you think?
I don't know if I like it.
What do you mean
you don't know if you like it?
I don't know. there's just...
Something about it.
a catchiness that it's missing.
Watch out!
I'm sorry. baby.
Are you okay? I'm sorry. baby.
I got my mama's temper.
- Yeah. I'm okay.
- Are you okay?
Uh-huh.
Look. I'll stay.
"For you were called
to freedom. brothers.
"Only do not use your freedom
as an opportunity for the flesh.
"but through love.
serve one another.
"For the whole law
is fulfilled in one word:
"You shall love your neighbor
as you love yourself."
Elvis. do you think the woman
at the well was a virgin?
Well. honey. that's something
you're gonna have to
come to a conclusion
for yourself.
Uh...
I personally believe that Jesus
was attracted to the woman
but that is. uh.
that is just my opinion.
Why do you think
they were brought together?
Well. you could look at it
different ways. and...
Well. what do you think. Elvis?
I like your perfume.
Honey. what is...
What's that called?
- Chanel No. 5.
Excuse me.
"And if you bite
and devour each other
"watch out that you are not
consumed by each other.
"So. I say. walk by the Spirit
"and you will not gratify
the desires of the flesh.
"For the flesh desires what is
contrary to the Spirit. Amen."
Amen.
Man's place in the universe
is like a drop of water
in the ocean.
Elvis. look at me.
You are not just a drop of
water in the ocean.
you are the entire ocean.
Cilla. this here is Larry.
He did my hair
- on the last shoot.
- Hi.
He knows more
about the spiritual realm
than all the preachers
and the priests put together.
Well. I don't know about that
but I am here to ask questions.
Alongside my friend here.
Well. I'll leave you to it.
I'm going to start packing
to go home.
Larry said it'll help us
go deeper.
Oh. my God.
Your shirt is breathing.
"And his host of evil spirits
consumed with him.
"Man. tired of vain wrangling
and contending for power
"longs for those quiet groves
"where olden sages
communed with their familiars."
Ah. there's just so much
to learn. Uh...
I need to find more.
Cilla. why...
Why me? What am I supposed to do
with all this influence?
I don't know.
But you touch so many people.
Baby. you gotta read
Cheiro's Book of Numbers.
I mean. there's no one else
like him.
No. baby.
we have to control our desires
otherwise they'll control us.
Cilla. this is never gonna work
if you don't share
my interests and philosophies.
I mean. there are
a lot of women out there
that would wanna share
in this with me.
Come on. sit up.
so you can really pay attention.
"Like a mine. its purest gold
may not be found on the surface
"its richest veins
may only reward those
"who have the patience
to toll for years
"whose lamp of faith.
no matter how dim at times.
"keeps steadily burning
until somehow or somewhere..."
I can't stand it!
It's driving me crazy!
I don't wanna hear it anymore!
I see a madwoman.
No.
A woman with needs
who needs to be desired.
You can have your books
and me too.
Colonel's on the phone!
Uh. yes. sir.
Well. I understand. I agree.
It is. It's a distraction.
I'm done with the books.
Yes. sir.
♪ Nobody knows
♪ Our sorrow
♪ Glory
♪ Glory. hallelujah
- ♪ Glory...♪
Cilla. come sit down.
Close your eyes.
- Close my eyes?
- Close your eyes.
All right. open 'em.
We're gonna be married.
I told you I'd know
when the time was right.
Really?
It's beautiful!
Congratulations.
My wife.
Elvis. we gonna
put on one of yours
or something good?
Boy. I swear to God.
I'll shoot you in the foot.
I'm not...
G-7. G-7. you gotta pick it.
G-7. What's a "beatle"?
You're a goddamn beetle.
I tell you. crawling around.
You little freak.
I wanna play J-8.
You're a Patsy Cline guy. no?
Don't tell me to play
goddamn Beatles in my house.
We're in America.
I swear to God.
Fantastic.
Thank you.
All right!
- Not enough zippers.
We can get more...
You could put a parachute
around the back.
How'd it go?
- Well?
I... I...
I'm gonna... I'm gonna...
I'm gonna be a daddy?
Mmm-hmm.
Get Vernon on the phone.
you tell him he's gonna be
a grey-headed granddaddy.
Sir. can you make
a little tiny one now?
Oh. what is it. Satnin?
What happened
to that twinkle in your eyes?
I'm scared.
Whatever you wanna do.
I'll back you up.
I want a baby.
It's just so soon.
What about our trip to Europe
and all of our plans together?
It's all right.
We'll go another time.
Come here.
Okay.
We're having a little one.
Cilla!
- Yes?
Cilla. come here.
Yes?
Cilla. I've been thinking...
You know. I have to have
time to think and...
Things just haven't been right.
you know. and I...
I think it'd be best
for the two of us
if we took a little time apart.
What are you talking about?
- What did I do?
- Oh. baby. you don't see...
Well. you didn't do anything.
It's not you. It's just that...
I've been going through
some things and I just...
I just think it'd be best
if we took a little break.
You've got it.
Just tell me when to leave.
Oh. wait. baby!
I don't mean it. Cilla.
Don't leave.
Go. go!
Come on. come on!
Oh. my God!
Yeah!
Elvis?
Hey. wake up. Wake up. Wake up.
Huh?
Baby's coming.
Oh.
Are you sure?
- Yes.
- Oh...
Oh...
Daddy. it's time.
You need to send a car up. okay?
Oh.
Joe! Jerry!
Who put this
fuckin' table there?
Jerry! Jerry. it's time
to send the car up!
Cilla's having the baby!
We're on it!
We're going!
Where's my daddy?
Do you want to
call the Colonel?
You okay. sweetheart?
Mmm-hmm.
I'll get her.
Yeah.
Oh.
We got ourselves
a baby girl. Satnin.
We sure do.
- Oh. Oh.
Give us space. guys.
give us space.
Elvis. it's been so long...
I know. I just don't
wanna hurt you. baby.
Well. I'm okay.
Let's just wait a little.
- Hi. sweetie.
- She's ready for her nap.
- Okay.
Sweet dreams.
Satnin. I don't know.
I feel a little silly
in this outfit.
What do you think?
You look really good.
- Whoo-hoo!
♪ If you ever take a trip
Down to the ocean
♪ Find yourself down
Around Mobile
♪ Make it on out
To a club called Jack's
♪ If you got
A little time to kill
- Gonna be bigger than Sinatra.
Evening. you got Joe.
It's Pat from the network.
He can't believe the numbers.
He's losing his mind.
♪ ...swingin' little guitar man
We got ourselves a hit. E.
Hey. cheers!
Hey!
♪ Well. I nearly 'bout starved
To death down in Memphis
♪ I run outta money and luck
♪ So I bought me a ride
Down to Macon. Georgia
♪ On an overloaded
Poultry truck
♪ I thumbed on down
To Panama City
♪ Started pickin' out
Some o' them all night bars
♪ Hopin' I could
Make myself a dollar
♪ Makin' music on my guitar
♪ I got the same old story
At them all night piers
♪ There ain't no room
Around here
♪ For a guitar man
♪ So I slept in the hobo jungle
♪ I roamed
A thousand miles of track
♪ Till I found myself
In Mobile. Alabama
♪ At a club they call Big Jack's
♪ A little four-piece band
Was jammin'
♪ So I took my guitar
And I sat in
♪ I showed 'em
What a band would sound like
♪ With a swingin'
Little guitar man
♪ Show 'em. son ♪
Put my shit on the bus.
- Hi.
Mmm.
Bye. sweetie.
You be a good girl. all right?
When should we come meet you?
Honey. a tour's no place
for a mother and a young'un.
But I'll be home soon as I can.
- We'll miss you.
- All right. let's roll it!
Get on the damn bus.
Gonna say bye?
- Say bye. Bye-bye.
Okay. honey. let's go.
Come on. you.
- No. no.
- Oh. come on. Lisa.
Come take a picture with Daddy.
- No. no.
- Come on.
Just over here.
- It's okay.
- Wanna sit on Daddy's lap?
Hi. Momma.
- Hi. Daddy.
- C'mere. little one.
All right. you ready?
C'mere. Come here.
So. you're a good girl. huh?
One. two. three.
- Daddy.
Look up. sweetie.
- Nice.
You did good.
Get along. you. Go.
That's all right. yeah.
You did great!
Do you wanna get a snack?
Yeah!
Priscilla?
Okay.
Thank you. man.
One. two. three.
Got that one.
And one. two. three.
Okay. I think we got it.
Lovely.
Can you bring me down?
Slow.
Yeah?
Yes.
- Wanna get down?
- Yes. please.
- Wow!
Should we meet you
in Palm Springs?
I think me and the guys
are gonna go for a few days.
just to wind down.
Really?
I need you to lighten up.
I think I'm gonna
stay with Lisa in L.A.
for a little while.
Whatever you want. baby.
Heian Yondan.
- Heian Yondan.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven. eight.
Up a bit higher.
Up here. all right?
A good strong angle
for your arm. okay?
Good boy.
What was it? The third ka ...
What was it called?
- Heian Yondan.
- The fourth kata.
- Fourth. Close.
- And I. um...
I guess I'm getting
a little too good
and I punched him
straight in the nose.
My memory's a little blurry
because. um...
You might've shaken something
a bit loose. but... No.
- I'm sorry.
- It's fine. It's fine.
Mommy!
It broke.
I can't believe it.
Excuse me. Mrs. Presley.
Elvis asked that you meet him
in the suite.
Okay. thank you.
He never goes to his room
between shows.
Um. I'm gonna go see what's up
and I'll meet you guys after.
- Okay.
- Okay. see you then.
And then what happened?
Everything smashed.
- Hello?
Hey.
Hey. is everything okay?
Cilla.
Shh. I wanna show you
how a real man
makes love to his woman.
Oh! What are you doing? Oh!
Please. stop! Just stop!
Stop.
I'm leaving.
What do you mean. "leaving"?
I'm leaving our marriage.
Are you out of your mind?
You have everything
a woman could want.
You don't mean that. Satnin.
You can't.
You mean I've been so blind
I didn't see this coming?
We're living separate lives.
Have I lost you to another man?
You're losing me
to a life of my own.
I have to go.
If I stay. I'll never leave.
Maybe another place.
another time.
Kiss Lisa for me.
Bless you.
♪ If I should stay
♪ I would only be in your way
♪ So I'll go
♪ But I know
♪ I'll think of you
♪ Each step of the way
♪ And I will always love you
♪ Bittersweet memories
♪ That's all I am taking with me
♪ And I will always love you
♪ I will always love you ♪